s So how did my work day change over the life of my career? Um, I will
say that as a divisional officer at sea at sea duty, um, my day entailed
a lot of running around and inspecting, making sure equipment
worked a lot of spot checks. Um, coming back as a department, The one
thing that was that was different was, you know, now people are looking
at you. So now all of a sudden is not 25. 30. There's, ah, 150
people that are looking to you for the answer. A za chief engineer.
You know, there is only two times when I had hard casualties, where
where the ship waas suffering from a major catastrophic casualty. And
we were on the verge off what is known as being going cold and dark.
And so at that point, when the cash Lee was called away and I had
to get my transport myself, you know, very fast, very quickly. Down
to the central control station CCs. Everyone's looking around, and
at that point, it knows quite and everyone's looking at you. You're
the man. Now that is different from being a divisional. That was the
one time when all eyes go to you and it's your training, your sense,
your knowledge or experience that you have to rely on is no one else
at that boys. So that's the thing about sea duty. A CZ. Always as
things are gonna change, things are gonna change between your divisional
officer, the former head. But as a department head, you need
to use your experience from your division. Also yours. What is it like?
How is it gonna play out? Um, and then on on shore duty? I personally,
as unsure, did in my first short tour, you know, I was a student,
so that wasn't too taxing at the Naval Postgraduate School. I just
had to push myself, too. Get my A's, you know, and push on through
and learn as much as I could. Um, for instance, because the degree
I had was National Security Affairs television Well, not qualify me
later on for my second and final active duty short tour. And that
was at the hospital to your affairs at Central Intelligence Agency.
And so I had to rely on my knowledge, gained, uh, from years before
at a post graduate school and on my operational experience, learn how
to, uh, act, you know how to translate what the fleet is doing and
how to use a fleet at the awesome military affairs at the Pentagon
with C i A So you're doing doing Maur cerebral work? If you will, Uh,
when you get to the higher ranks and you're trying to figure out,
you know, when you're at it at a combatant command, you know what exactly
we want to do with the missile force, What exactly we're going
to do with this submarine force? Why are we going to deploy a ballistic
submarine to the specifics right now? What are the Indians and
the Pakistanis? Perhaps we don't need a submarine in the Pacific. Perhaps
we needed in the Indian Ocean. That's the kind of thing that you
do as a senior officer is. Make these recommendations. What is the
art of the possible? You want to advise the civilians that air advising
the National Command Authority in C. A. And that's what you're
telling me? That's what you are being taught to do to be in the right
position at the right time, with the right knowledge to advise national
command authority on what